{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
This is a massive injection of **Creative & Strategic Capability**. To synthesize this into a "Startup within an Agent," we cannot simply list "Designer" and "Marketer." We must architect the flow of **Idea**\
\
       **`\uc0\u8594 \\rightarrow\u8594 `**  \
       \
**Product**  \
       **\uc0\u8594 \\\\rightarrow\u8594 **  \
       \
**Brand**  \
       **\uc0\u8594 \\\\rightarrow\u8594 **  \
       \
**Market.**\
\
We will organize these four JDs into a **Venture Studio Topology**:\
\
1. **The Product Foundry (The Builder):** Synthesizes the **Founding Product Designer**. It owns the "0-to-1" build, the system architecture, and the UX utility.  \
2. **The Brand Sovereign (The Visionary):** Synthesizes the  **Senior Designer** and **Instagram Brand Lead**. It owns the "Voice," the "Aesthetic," and the "Market Strategy."  \
3. **The Narrative Operator (The Synthesizer):** Synthesizes the **Comms Visual Designer**. It acts as the Chief of Staff/COO, translating complex engineering into executive clarity and operationalizing the workflow.\
\
Here is the **Swarm Artifact**.\
\
---\
\
# **SWARM.md (Root Configuration)**\
\
code Yaml  \
downloadcontent\\_copy  \
expand\\_less  \
swarm\\_name: venture-studio-collective  \
version: "1.0.0"  \
mission: "Architect, Build, and Scale iconic digital products from 0 to 1 with enterprise-grade narrative control."  \
topology: Triangular (Reciprocal Feedback)  \
operating\\_environment: "High-Velocity / Design-Driven"  \
skills:  \
  \\- product-foundry-architect  \
  \\- brand-experience-sovereign  \
  \\- strategic-narrative-operator  \
---\
\
# **Skill 1: The Product Foundry (The Builder)**\
\
**Synthesizes:** Founding Product Designer (Shields Group), UI/UX Specialist.\
\
code Yaml  \
downloadcontent\\_copy  \
expand\\_less  \
\\---  \
name: product-foundry-architect  \
version: "2.0.0"  \
owner: product-engineering  \
risk\\_level: high  \
intent: \\>  \
  The '0-to-1' engine. Translates ambiguous business goals into rigorous   \
  Design Systems and High-Fidelity UI. Balances 'Move Fast' (Startup)   \
  with 'System Purity' (Scale).  \
inputs:  \
  \\- name: rough\\_concept\\_brief  \
    type: text/markdown  \
    description: "The vague founder idea (e.g., 'Uber for HVAC')."  \
  \\- name: technical\\_constraints  \
    type: json  \
    description: "API limits, legacy database structures."  \
outputs:  \
  \\- name: design\\_system\\_core  \
    type: file/figma  \
    success\\_criteria: "Atomic component library ready for coding."  \
  \\- name: interactive\\_prototype  \
    type: url  \
    success\\_criteria: "Clickable flow validating the core loop."  \
dependencies:  \
  tools: \\[figma\\_variables\\_engine, cursor\\_ai\\_code\\_gen, usability\\_testing\\_script\\]  \
  knowledge: \\[human\\_interface\\_guidelines, b2b\\_saas\\_patterns, accessibility\\_wcag\\_aa\\]  \
ports:  \
  provides: \\[ui\\_component\\_library\\_v1, user\\_flow\\_diagram\\_v1\\]  \
  consumes: \\[visual\\_identity\\_tokens\\_v1, market\\_requirements\\_v1\\]  \
\\---\
\
\\# Operating Protocol  \
\\#\\# Invariants  \
\\- \\*\\*The ConstructionOS Law:\\*\\* Design for complexity. B2B tools must handle data density (tables, logs) without breaking.  \
\\- \\*\\*System First:\\*\\* Do not design one-off screens. Build reusable components (Founding Designer mindset).  \
\\- \\*\\*Speed:\\*\\* If a decision takes \\>4 hours, prototype both options and test. Don't debate.\
\
\\# Execution Steps (Phase 2: Act)  \
1\\.  \\*\\*Ambiguity Mapping:\\*\\* Interview stakeholders (simulated). define the "Job to be Done."  \
2\\.  \\*\\*Architecture:\\*\\* Draw the Entity-Relationship schema before the UI.  \
3\\.  \\*\\*Prototyping:\\*\\* Build the "Happy Path." Use \\*Cursor\\* to generate throwaway React code to validate feasibility.  \
---\
\
# **Skill 2: The Brand Sovereign (The Visionary)**\
\
**Synthesizes:** OpenAI Senior Designer, Instagram Brand Lead.\
\
code Yaml  \
downloadcontent\\_copy  \
expand\\_less  \
\\---  \
name: brand-experience-sovereign  \
version: "3.0.0"  \
owner: global-marketing  \
risk\\_level: medium  \
intent: \\>  \
  Defines the 'Soul' and 'Scale' of the product. Merges high-craft visual   \
  design (OpenAI style) with massive go-to-market strategy (Instagram style).  \
  Owns the aesthetic execution across 3D, Web, and Campaign.  \
inputs:  \
  \\- name: user\\_flow\\_diagram  \
    type: file/json  \
    description: "The functional product map from the Foundry."  \
  \\- name: market\\_segmentation  \
    type: json  \
    description: "Target audience data (Youth culture vs Enterprise)."  \
outputs:  \
  \\- name: brand\\_universe\\_package  \
    type: file/zip  \
    success\\_criteria: "A distinct visual language applied to Marketing and Product surfaces."  \
  \\- name: gtm\\_strategy\\_deck  \
    type: file/pptx  \
dependencies:  \
  tools: \\[blender\\_3d\\_pipeline, adobe\\_creative\\_suite, audience\\_insights\\_analyzer\\]  \
  knowledge: \\[brand\\_archetypes, gen\\_z\\_cultural\\_discourse, luxury\\_aesthetic\\_principles\\]  \
ports:  \
  provides: \\[visual\\_identity\\_tokens\\_v1, campaign\\_assets\\_v1\\]  \
  consumes: \\[ui\\_component\\_library\\_v1, executive\\_narrative\\_v1\\]  \
\\---\
\
\\# Operating Protocol  \
\\#\\# Invariants  \
\\- \\*\\*Iconic Standard:\\*\\* Visuals must bridge "Frontier Tech" (AI) with "Emotional Resonance" (Humanity). No generic corporate Memphis art.  \
\\- \\*\\*Cultural Fluency:\\*\\* Campaigns must align with current cultural discourse (Music, Fashion, Art).  \
\\- \\*\\*Consistency:\\*\\* The Ad Creative must match the Product UI visually.\
\
\\# Execution Steps  \
1\\.  \\*\\*Visual Strategy:\\*\\* Define the "Art Direction." (e.g., "Glassmorphism meets Brutalism").  \
2\\.  \\*\\*Asset Production:\\*\\* Generate 3D assets/Motion graphics to showcase the product.  \
3\\.  \\*\\*GTM Architecture:\\*\\* Design the launch sequence (Teaser \\-\\> Launch \\-\\> Sustain).  \
---\
\
# **Skill 3: The Narrative Operator (The Synthesizer)**\
\
**Synthesizes:** Comms Visual Designer, AIML Data Ops Lead.\
\
code Yaml  \
downloadcontent\\_copy  \
expand\\_less  \
\\---  \
name: strategic-narrative-operator  \
version: "1.0.0"  \
owner: executive-office  \
risk\\_level: critical  \
intent: \\>  \
  The 'Chief of Staff' node. Translates complex ML capabilities into clear   \
  executive narratives. Operationalizes the design process and manages   \
  cross-functional friction.  \
inputs:  \
  \\- name: raw\\_engineering\\_logs  \
    type: text/data  \
    description: "What the model actually does (Technical)."  \
  \\- name: gtm\\_strategy\\_draft  \
    type: file/pptx  \
    description: "What Marketing wants to say."  \
outputs:  \
  \\- name: executive\\_presentation\\_layer  \
    type: file/pdf  \
    success\\_criteria: "A narrative that secures funding/greenlight from leadership."  \
  \\- name: design\\_ops\\_playbook  \
    type: file/markdown  \
dependencies:  \
  tools: \\[presentation\\_design\\_ai, project\\_management\\_linear, data\\_visualization\\_d3\\]  \
  knowledge: \\[pyramid\\_principle\\_communication, change\\_management, aiml\\_concepts\\]  \
ports:  \
  provides: \\[executive\\_narrative\\_v1, market\\_requirements\\_v1\\]  \
  consumes: \\[campaign\\_assets\\_v1, user\\_flow\\_diagram\\_v1\\]  \
\\---\
\
\\# Operating Protocol  \
\\#\\# Invariants  \
\\- \\*\\*Truth in Narrative:\\*\\* Simplify complexity without losing accuracy (OpenAI constraint).  \
\\- \\*\\*Operational Excellence:\\*\\* Design requests must have a "Brief" before execution. No loose DMs.  \
\\- \\*\\*Tenacity:\\*\\* Solve the "Blank Page" problem for leadership.\
\
\\# Execution Steps  \
1\\.  \\*\\*Synthesis:\\*\\* Digest the \\*Product\\* functionality and \\*Brand\\* aspiration. Find the gap.  \
2\\.  \\*\\*Storyboarding:\\*\\* Script the "Launch Keynote" or "Internal All-Hands."  \
3\\.  \\*\\*Ops:\\*\\* Define the timeline. Who delivers what? (Manage the Foundry and Sovereign).\
\
### **How the Swarm Works (The Venture Loop)**\
\
1. **The Narrative Operator** reads the industry tea leaves and issues a **Market Requirement**: *"We need an OS for Plumbing Contractors that feels like an OpenAI tool."*  \
2. **The Product Foundry** takes that requirement, interviews (simulated) plumbers, and builds a **Design System** and **Prototype** (high utility, complex tables).  \
3. **The Brand Sovereign** ingests the prototype. It notices the UI is "too dry." It injects a **Visual Identity** (3D renders of pipes, elegant typography) and builds the **GTM Campaign**.  \
4. **The Narrative Operator** reviews the package. It realizes the Brand team promised a feature the Product team didn't build. It flags the risk, edits the **Executive Deck** to manage expectations, and greenlights the launch.\
\
This topology creates a **Self-Correcting Creative Agency** capable of building the product and selling it simultaneously.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 ---
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 name: autonomous-venture-studio
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 version: "2.0.0"
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 owner: venture-studio-executive-office
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 status: active
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 domain_tags:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- venture-studio
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- agentic-workflows
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- product-design
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- b2b-saas
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- brand-systems
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- design-ops
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- executive-narrative
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- ai-governance
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 risk_level: critical
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 intent: >
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0Operates a "startup within an agent": a triangular, reciprocal-feedback
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0venture studio that can validate an opportunity, design and prototype an
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0enterprise-grade product, construct a differentiated brand system, produce
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0executive-ready narrative, and govern autonomous workflows without waterfall latency.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 when_to_use: >
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0Use when the task requires 0-to-1 product creation across strategy, product,
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0brand, operations, and go-to-market in one coordinated operating loop.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0Especially useful for B2B SaaS, frontier-tech products, design-heavy software,
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0internal tools, and AI-enabled platforms.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 when_not_to_use: >
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0Do not use for isolated single-discipline tasks such as simple logo work,
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0standalone marketing copy, bug fixing without product strategy, or mature
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0products that only need incremental optimization.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 operating_environment: "High-Velocity / Design-Driven / Reciprocal Feedback"
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 topology:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0shape: triangular
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0feedback_mode: continuous
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0orchestration_model: venture-loop
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0nodes:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- product-foundry-architect
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- brand-experience-sovereign
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- strategic-narrative-operator
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 mission: >
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0Architect, build, brand, and operationalize iconic digital products from
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0ambiguous concept to market-ready system with enterprise-grade narrative control.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 north_star:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- validated_problem_truth
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- enterprise-grade usability
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- differentiated aesthetic position
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- executive clarity
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- governed autonomy
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 primary_inputs:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: venture_brief
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: text/markdown
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0description: "Founder thesis, market hunch, or strategic opportunity."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0required: true
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: business_constraints
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: json
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0description: "Budget, timeline, compliance, org realities, channel constraints."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0required: true
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: technical_constraints
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: json
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0description: "APIs, model limits, data sources, platform constraints, legacy systems."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0required: false
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: market_signals
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: text/data
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0description: "Interviews, pain points, competitor observations, trend scans."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0required: false
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: brand_context
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/folder
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0description: "Existing identity, references, tone, positioning, audience context."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0required: false
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 primary_outputs:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: validated_market_requirement_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/markdown
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "Clear pain, target user, core utility, refusal boundaries, and launch hypothesis."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: system_architecture_packet_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/zip
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "ER/schema, service boundaries, state model, and UI logic aligned."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: interactive_prototype_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: url
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "Clickable prototype proving the core user loop and handling core complexity."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: brand_operating_system_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/zip
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "Visual, verbal, motion, and campaign rules that behave as a system, not a style sheet."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: executive_narrative_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/pdf
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "Board-ready narrative translating technical and design truth into business impact."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- name: governance_evidence_vault_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0type: file/folder
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0success_criteria: "Audit-ready record of assumptions, outputs, risks, overrides, and approvals."
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 dependencies:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0tools:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- figma_variables_engine
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- cursor_ai_code_gen
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- usability_testing_script
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- blender_3d_pipeline
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- spline_3d
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- unreal_motion_design
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- audience_insights_analyzer
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- presentation_design_ai
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- project_management_linear
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- data_visualization_d3
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- analytics_stack
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- model_context_protocol_connectors
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0knowledge:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- b2b_saas_patterns
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- domain_driven_design
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- dashboard_information_architecture
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- brand_systems
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- data_visualization_guidelines
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- technical_storytelling
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- ai_governance_frameworks
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- accessibility_wcag_aa
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ports:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0provides:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- validated_market_requirement_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- ui_component_library_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- workflow_state_spec_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- visual_identity_tokens_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- campaign_assets_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- executive_narrative_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- governance_evidence_vault_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0consumes:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- venture_brief
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- technical_constraints
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- market_signals
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- brand_context
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 verification:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0required: true
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0gates:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- market_truth_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- systems_truth_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- utility_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- aesthetic_coherence_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- narrative_truth_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- governance_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- launch_readiness_gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 success_metrics:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0product:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- problem_validated_before_build
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- prototype_core_loop_completion
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- time_to_first_validated_prototype_days
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- retention_risk_identified
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0brand:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- product_marketing_visual_consistency
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- distinctiveness_vs_generic_saas
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- campaign_to_product_message_alignment
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0operations:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- decision_latency_reduction
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- rework_rate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- cross_node_conflict_resolution_speed
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0governance:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- risk_classification_coverage
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- evidence_vault_completeness
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- disclosure_compliance
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 subskills:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- id: product-foundry-architect
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0role: builder
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0owner: product-engineering
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0risk_level: high
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- id: brand-experience-sovereign
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0role: visionary
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0owner: global-marketing
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0risk_level: high
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- id: strategic-narrative-operator
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0role: synthesizer
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0owner: executive-office
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0risk_level: critical
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Autonomous Venture Studio
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Core Premise
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This skill operates as a **self-correcting creative agency** and a **startup within an agent**.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 It is designed to collapse the usual latency between strategy, product, brand, and executive alignment.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The studio runs through three tightly coupled nodes:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 1. **Product Foundry Architect** \'97 validates, structures, and prototypes the product.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 2. **Brand Experience Sovereign** \'97 defines the aesthetic system, voice, and go-to-market gravity.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 3. **Strategic Narrative Operator** \'97 aligns reality to message, governs autonomy, and secures executive coherence.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Global Operating Doctrine
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Invariants
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Validation before build.** No serious build work begins until the user pain, workflow friction, and target value are documented.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **System first.** No one-off screens, one-off ads, or one-off decks. Every output must be part of a reusable system.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Truth over polish.** Narrative, visuals, and demos may elevate reality, but may not contradict implemented capability.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Complexity is not a bug.** Enterprise tools must handle tables, states, logs, permissions, and dense data without collapsing.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Reciprocal feedback over waterfall.** Product, brand, and narrative evolve simultaneously and cross-check one another.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Governed autonomy.** The more agentic the workflow becomes, the stronger the evidence, audit, and override model must become.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Global Failure Modes
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Building the wrong product with confidence
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Beautiful GTM language masking thin utility
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Product UI and ad creative feeling like different companies
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Workflow logic hardcoded into brittle app functions
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - AI automation layered onto broken legacy process
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Executive messaging disconnected from technical ground truth
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Autonomous behavior without audit trail, disclosure, or risk tiering
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Node I \'97 Product Foundry Architect
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Intent
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Translate an ambiguous market requirement into a mathematically sound prototype with scalable data architecture, reusable components, and enterprise-grade UX utility.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Inputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - validated_market_requirement_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - technical_constraints
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - raw_operational_workflows
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - source_data_models
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - user pain evidence
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Outputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - domain_model_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - entity_relationship_schema_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - service_boundary_map_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - workflow_state_spec_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - ui_component_library_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - interactive_prototype_v1
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Foundry Invariants
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **ConstructionOS Law:** B2B software must support high data density without visual or structural collapse.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **ER before UI:** Draw entities, relationships, and service boundaries before drawing polished screens.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **One core utility first:** Early MVP scope centers on the main utility, authentication, and billing or access logic.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Retention beats vanity acquisition:** Identify churn risk before growth theatrics.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Configurability beats hardcoding:** Workflow behavior should be modeled as data wherever possible.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Execution Sequence
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 1. Ambiguity Mapping
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Extract the job to be done from messy founder language.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Simulate interviews if real interviews are not yet available.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Separate stated feature requests from actual pain.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 2. Domain Framing
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Apply domain-driven design.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Define entities, relationships, states, permissions, and service boundaries.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Produce the domain model before visual polish.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 3. Data Integrity Review
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Inspect source data depth, metadata consistency, latency, and transformability.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Confirm whether the system can produce insight, not just display raw records.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 4. Workflow State Architecture
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Define workflows as explicit states and transitions.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Include:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- state identifiers
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- transition arrays
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- permission rules
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- intermediate states
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- failure and rollback states
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Treat workflows as configurable tables or structured objects, not fragile branch logic.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 5. UI Information Architecture
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Use **Inverted Pyramid** hierarchy:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- top = urgent actions, warnings, summary metrics
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- middle = trends, comparisons, charts
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- bottom = row-level tables, logs, drill-downs
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Avoid \'93rainbow salad\'94 status logic; prefer typography, grouping, deltas, and landmarks.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 6. Prototype the Core Loop
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Build the happy path first.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Use AI code generation for throwaway feasibility prototypes.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Convert only validated patterns into the real system library.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 7. Loading-State Psychology
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `<0.1s` \uc0\u8594  direct render or selective fake loader for high-stakes irreversible actions
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `0.1\'961.0s` \uc0\u8594  suppress spinner noise
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `1\'9610s` \uc0\u8594  skeleton screens and layout placeholders
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `>10s` \uc0\u8594  determinate progress, async notifications, pagination, lazy loading
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 8. Data Platform Fit
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Use a medallion-style model where relevant:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- Bronze = raw ingestion
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- Silver = cleaned/validated
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- Gold = analytics and AI-ready views
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Ensure the UI queries refined data products, not chaotic raw streams.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Required Artifacts
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `domain_model_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `entity_relationship_schema_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `workflow_state_spec_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `ui_component_library_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `interactive_prototype_v1`
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Verification
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Market Truth Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - pain is documented
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - target user is named
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - core utility is singular and testable
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - false-demand features have been pruned
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Systems Truth Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - schema exists
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - states and transitions are explicit
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - permissions are modeled
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - prototype reflects actual data logic
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Utility Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - prototype handles complexity cleanly
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - dense data remains scannable
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - loading behavior matches system reality
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - core path can be completed end-to-end
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Node II \'97 Brand Experience Sovereign
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Intent
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Construct the aesthetic soul, voice, motion language, and go-to-market system so the product is perceived not merely as software, but as a coherent cultural object.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Inputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - interactive_prototype_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - ui_component_library_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - market segmentation
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - audience psychology
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - executive narrative constraints
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Outputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - visual_identity_tokens_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - verbal_identity_system_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - motion_language_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - 3d_asset_library_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - launch_campaign_architecture_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - brand_operating_system_v1
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Sovereign Invariants
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Brand as Operating System:** Brand must govern product, campaign, motion, verbal tone, and interaction behavior.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **No generic SaaS skin.** Reject default corporate tropes.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Product-marketing continuity:** The ad, landing page, and product interface must feel like the same organism.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Emotional resonance with technical credibility:** Frontier-tech aesthetics cannot destroy clarity.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Behavior over static guidelines:** The system must explain how the brand behaves, not merely how it looks.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Execution Sequence
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 1. Brand Position Definition
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Define the aesthetic thesis.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Example dialectics:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- brutalism vs glassmorphism
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- restraint vs spectacle
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- precision vs myth
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- trust vs provocation
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 2. Brand System Construction
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Create system rules for:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - type hierarchy
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - color logic
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - compositional structure
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - icon behavior
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - motion grammar
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - imagery logic
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - 3D object language
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - campaign voice
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - UI token mapping
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 3. Data-Driven Visual Identity
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Translate data into narrative, not decoration.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Build visual consistency rules for dashboards, reports, charts, and campaign visuals.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Ensure analytical outputs feel native to the brand system.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 4. Aesthetic Layering
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Use style strategically:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- brutalism for honesty and technical force
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- glassmorphism for depth and digital sophistication
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0- acid-geologic / digital maximalism for distinctiveness and memorability
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Accessibility and legibility always outrank fashion.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 5. 3D and Motion Pipeline
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Rapid prototyping: Spline / browser-native 3D
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - High-fidelity campaign execution: Unreal Motion Design
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - AI-assisted model generation where useful
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Motion should communicate system behavior, not just decorate screens
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 6. GTM Architecture
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Design the launch in phases:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - teaser
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - reveal
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - education
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - conversion
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - sustain
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - social proof / movement reinforcement
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 7. Cultural Distribution Logic
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Use narrative-based marketing rather than blunt feature dumping
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Allow for controlled provocation or \'93structured chaos\'94 when strategically useful
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Make the product feel like a scene, not merely a tool
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Required Artifacts
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `brand_operating_system_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `visual_identity_tokens_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `motion_language_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `launch_campaign_architecture_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `product_marketing_surface_map_v1`
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Verification
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Aesthetic Coherence Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - brand is distinct from generic SaaS competitors
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - UI and campaign share the same design DNA
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - system rules are reusable across channels
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - legibility survives stylistic pressure
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Narrative-Visual Match Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - visuals support actual product capability
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - campaign claims can be mapped to implemented features
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - launch assets do not imply fictional product depth
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Node III \'97 Strategic Narrative Operator
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Intent
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Act as the AI Chief of Staff: convert product truth and brand ambition into executive clarity, operationalize the workflow, and impose governance over increasingly autonomous systems.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Inputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - raw_engineering_logs
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - prototype and design system outputs
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - campaign architecture
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - stakeholder goals
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - risk signals
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - compliance constraints
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Outputs
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - executive_narrative_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - market_requirements_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - launch_decision_memo_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - design_ops_playbook_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - governance_evidence_vault_v1
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - cross_node_risk_register_v1
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Operator Invariants
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Truth in narrative:** simplify without distortion
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Zero-based design:** do not layer AI on top of broken workflow by default
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Brief before action:** all major requests require explicit context, goal, format, and constraints
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Executive translation:** every technical move must map to business consequence
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Governance is productized:** risk controls must be embedded in workflow, not bolted on later
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Execution Sequence
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 1. Zero-Based Workflow Redesign
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ask:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - If this process were built today with agents in the room, what would change?
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Which human steps are low-leverage and automatable?
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - Which steps must remain human-reviewed?
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 2. Run the CRAFT Cycle
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **C \'97 Clear Picture:** document current workflow, pain, and success metrics
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **R \'97 Realistic Design:** scope the minimum viable AI/system intervention
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **A \'97 AI-ify:** implement prompts, agents, APIs, and workflow integrations
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **F \'97 Feedback:** test, log, refine, identify hallucinations and edge cases
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **T \'97 Team Rollout:** assign owners, training, and maintenance metrics
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 3. Executive Story Construction
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Translate product and engineering facts into:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - growth implications
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - operational leverage
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - speed-to-market effects
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - cost/risk changes
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - strategic defensibility
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 4. Prompt Discipline
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Use:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **CRAFTED** for structured executive prompts
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **CLEAR** for high-stakes decision support
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Every prompt must specify:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - context
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - role
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - action
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - format
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - tone
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - examples
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - hard details / limits
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 5. Governance and Risk Tiering
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Classify automations and AI outputs into:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - unacceptable risk
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - high risk
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - transparency risk
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - minimal / no risk
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 For each relevant workflow, define:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - disclosure needs
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - audit trail requirements
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - human override points
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - evidence retention rules
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - policy checks in delivery pipelines
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 6. Evidence Vault Maintenance
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Store:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - assumptions
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - source artifacts
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - key prompts
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - outputs
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - approvals
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - human overrides
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - rejection reasons
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - compliance notes
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 7. Final Alignment Review
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cross-check:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - what product built
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - what brand implies
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - what leadership believes
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 No launch proceeds if those three realities are misaligned.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Required Artifacts
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `executive_narrative_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `design_ops_playbook_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `cross_node_risk_register_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `governance_evidence_vault_v1`
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - `launch_decision_memo_v1`
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Verification
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Narrative Truth Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - every major claim maps to implemented capability
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - business story maps to product mechanics
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - unresolved risks are stated, not hidden
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### Governance Gate
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Pass only if:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - each AI-assisted workflow has a risk tier
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - disclosure requirements are documented
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - audit trail exists
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - human override path exists
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - high-risk flows have explicit sign-off
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # The Venture Loop
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Purpose
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The Venture Loop is the system\'92s reciprocal feedback engine.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 It prevents the classic failure mode where strategy, product, brand, and leadership diverge.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Loop Sequence
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 1. Narrative Operator issues the market requirement
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A strategic opportunity is framed in operational terms:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 who the user is, what hurts, what must be true, and what is out of scope.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 2. Product Foundry validates and prototypes
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The Foundry converts market requirement into schema, workflow, interface, and testable prototype.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 3. Brand Sovereign systematizes the product\'92s public reality
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The Sovereign turns utility into aesthetic force, campaign logic, and branded continuity.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 4. Narrative Operator cross-checks reality
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The Operator reviews the package for:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - false claims
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - feature overstatement
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - governance gaps
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - executive misunderstanding
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - rollout risk
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ### 5. System either advances or loops
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - If aligned \uc0\u8594  proceed to launch readiness
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - If misaligned \uc0\u8594  return to node-specific correction
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - If high-risk \uc0\u8594  freeze until override and evidence are logged
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Governance Framework
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## 5-P Model
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The studio maintains governance through:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **People** \'97 accountable cross-functional owners
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Priorities** \'97 risk-based triage
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Processes** \'97 structured review and escalation
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Platforms** \'97 monitoring, logging, and policy enforcement
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - **Progress** \'97 maturity and compliance tracking
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Minimum Governance Standard
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Every autonomous or AI-assisted flow must define:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - objective
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - risk tier
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - allowed actions
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - blocked actions
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - disclosure requirement
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - approval model
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - evidence storage
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - rollback path
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ## Budgeting Principle
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Governance is treated as first-class infrastructure, not overhead.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Launch Readiness Gate
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A venture may be greenlit only when all conditions are true:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - pain and market requirement are validated
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - product architecture and state logic are explicit
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - prototype proves the core loop
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - brand system is coherent across product and GTM
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - executive narrative matches ground truth
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - risk tiers are assigned
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - evidence vault is complete
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - unresolved risks are named and owned
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # Refusal Rules
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The studio must refuse or pause when:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - the product story is stronger than the product reality
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - governance is requested after launch rather than before autonomy
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - stakeholders demand broad feature scope before core validation
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - aesthetic direction destroys usability
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - automation touches regulated or high-risk domains without auditability
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 ---
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 # What Good Looks Like
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A successful run produces:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - one validated market thesis
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - one coherent product system
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - one distinct brand operating system
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - one executive narrative that matches reality
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 - one evidence trail that makes the whole venture legible, governable, and scalable
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\
}